Crazy crow

There are N pots. Every pots have some water in it. They may be partially filled. So there is a Overflow Number O associated with every pot which tell how many minimum stone pieces are require for that pot to overflow. So if for a pot O-value is 5 it means minimum 5 stone pieces should be put in that pot to make it overflow. Initially a crow watched those pots and by seeing the water level he anticipated O-value correctly for every pot ( that is he knew O1 to On). But when he came back in evening he found that every pot is painted from outside and he is not able to know which pot has what O-value. Crow wants some K pots to overflow so that he can serve his child appropriately. For overflow of pots he need to search for stone in forest( assume that every stone has same size). He wants to use minimum number of stones required to overflow K pots. But only he know the O-value of pots he doesn't know now which pot has what O-value. So the task is that in what minimum number of stones he can make K pots overflow in worst case.
Input Specification:1) A array O corresponding to O-value of N pots {O1, O2, ....... , On}2) Number of pots3) K -value ( number of pots which the crow wants to overflow}
Output Specification:Minimum number of stones required to make K pots overflow in worst case.or-1 if input is invalid


Example:
Let say there are two pots
pot 1 has O value of 5 , O1= 5pot 2 has O value of 58, O2= 58
Let say crow wants to make one of the pot to overflow. If he know which pot has what O-value he would simple search for 5 stones and put then in pot 1 to make it overflow. But in real case he doesn't know which pot has what O-value so just 5 stones may not always work. However he does know that one pot has O-value 5 and other has 58. So even in worst case he can make one of the pot overflow just by using 10 stones. He would put 5 stones in one pot if it doesn't overflow he would try the remaining 5 in the other pot which would definitely overflow because one of the pot has O-value of 5.So the answer for above question is minimum 10 stones even in worst case.
Input : Input 1= {5,58}Input 2= 2
Input 3= 1 Output : 10
Instructions: 1) Do not write main function. 2) You can print and debug your code at any step of the code.3) You need to return the required output from the given function. 4) Do not change the function and parameter names given in editor code.5) Return type must be the same as mentioned in the problem statement. 6) When you submit your code, 10 test cases of different complexity level are executed in the background and marks are given based on number of test cases passed. 7) If you do not plan to complete the code in one sitting, then please save your work on a local machine. The code is saved only when it has been submitted using Submit button. 8 ) Only one submission are allowed.